API for auditing physical files and file metadata (#11016)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/220-harvard-edu-audit-files.md

### New API to Audit Datafiles across the database

> This is a superuser only tool to audit Datasets with DataFiles where the physical files are missing or the file metadata is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a superuser only API endpoint to audit Datasets with DataFiles where the physical files are missing or the file metadata is missing.
```

The Datasets scanned can be limited by optional firstId and lastId query parameters, or a given CSV list of Dataset Identifiers.

> Once the audit report is generated, an Administrator can either delete the missing file(s) from the Dataset or contact the author to re-upload the missing file(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the audit report is generated, a superuser can either delete the missing file(s) from the Dataset or contact the author to re-upload the missing file(s).
```

> The Json response includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON response includes:
```

> - List of files in each DataFile where the file exists in the database but the physical file is not on the file store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List of files in each DataFile where the file exists in the database but the physical file is not in the file store.
```

- List of DataFiles where the FileMetadata is missing.
- Other failures found when trying to process the Datasets

curl "http://localhost:8080/api/admin/datafiles/auditFiles
curl "http://localhost:8080/api/admin/datafiles/auditFiles?firstId=0&lastId=1000"
curl "http://localhost:8080/api/admin/datafiles/auditFiles?datasetIdentifierList=doi:10.5072/FK2/RVNT9Q,doi:10.5072/FK2/RVNT9Q

> For more information, see issue [the docs](https://dataverse-guide--11016.org.readthedocs.build/en/11016/api/native-api.html#datafile-audit), #11016, and [#220](https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse.harvard.edu/issues/220)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [the docs](https://dataverse-guide--11016.org.readthedocs.build/en/11016/api/native-api.html#datafile-audit), #11016, and [#220](https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse.harvard.edu/issues/220)
```
